dataCopy precompile (#330)
privacy-scaling-explorations/zkevm-specs: specs/precompile/04dataCopy.md

# dataCopy precompile

## Procedure

The `dataCopy` precompile returns its input.

### Circuit behavior

> 1. Do a busmapping lookup for CallContext last Call's CallDataOffset.
> 2. Do a busmapping lookup for CallContext last Call's CallDataLength.
> 3. Do a busmapping lookup for CallContext last Call's ReturnDataOffset.
> 4. Do a busmapping lookup for CallContext last Call's ReturnDataLength.
> 4. Do a busmapping lookup for CallContext last Call's ID.
> 5. Do a CopyTable lookup to verify the copy from calldata to current call context memory.
> 6. Do a CopyTable lookup to verify the copy from calldata to precompile call context memory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Do a busmapping lookup for CallContext CalleeAddress.
2. Do a busmapping lookup for CallContext CallerId.
3. Do a busmapping lookup for CallContext CallDataOffset.
4. Do a busmapping lookup for CallContext CallDataLength.
5. Do a busmapping lookup for CallContext ReturnDataOffset.
6. Do a busmapping lookup for CallContext ReturnDataLength.
7. Do a CopyTable lookup to verify the copy from calldata to current call context memory.
8. Do a CopyTable lookup to verify the copy from calldata to precompile call context memory.
```
